(GH-2561) Remove PowerShell 2.0 (#2531)
puppetlabs/bolt: documentation/troubleshooting.md

`#!/usr/bin/env python`, Bolt attempts to execute the script using the default
`python` executable on the target system.

## My task fails on Windows targets

> Your task will fail if the target Windows OS has only PowerShell 2.0 installed because Bolt does not support PowerShell 2.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bolt does not support PowerShell 2.0. If your task targets a Windows OS that has only PowerShell 2.0 installed, the task will fail.
```

> In 2017 Microsoft [deprecated PowerShell 2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/windows/deployment/planning/windows-10-removed-features). Further explanation is [here](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/windows-powershell-2-0-deprecation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2017, Microsoft [deprecated PowerShell 2.0](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-US/windows/deployment/planning/windows-10-removed-features). For a more detailed explanation, see [Micosoft's blog post on the subject](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/windows-powershell-2-0-deprecation).
```
